---
published: true
---




## BLOG ENTRY WEEK 21

little progress was made over the christmas period due to conflinting time schedules and exams/ assigments.

We met up the week and decided everything we need to do. 
The following needs to be done:

PLAZARAMA TO DO:
•	Clean up the CSS. 
•	Have clear look and feel 
•	Tidy up the play page, center the boxes
•	Clean up the ID page


•	Add more random questions 
•	currently displaying 4 questions. 
•	Add about 6 more general knowledge questions
•	

•	Add in picture rounds 
•	(display random pictures) need to figure out how to display a picture with a question. Display picture in the database?
•	E.g: Who is the political figure?

•	Add in a few more categories that we have discussed.
•	Spelling
•	Maths
•	Possible horse game?

•	User profile page.
•	Currently can sign in with local and facebook
•	Tidy us the css
•	Display information about the player

•	End of game page
•	Display the results at the end of the game.
•	Option to start game again or go to user profile



We have divied up the tasks.

Myself and Sinead will be quickly looking at the backend code just to become familar with it. 

I will be doing quick mockups for the results and stats page to gain a further understanding of what we want to achieve.

We will also be keeping the blog updated.

Sinead will be tidying up the css just to make it look much clearer.

Robert will be looking at adding in picture rounds into the database and working on the results page.

_**- Aisling**_
Met up to discuss tasks which were updated to trello. Unfortunately we have lost our team member Aex who has gone to Germany and wont be comign back. Its unsure wether he will be helpig with Plazarama due to his own work so we will have to wait. We are feeling very tense at the minute.

**By Sinead**


We met up and talked for the first time after the christmas break. We discussed our progress with the app so far and what else
stills needs to be done and what should be fixed. We organised our tasks and posted them to trello which had not been updated in
a while. My tasks were to find out how to add sounds and images into our database so they can be used in the game and creating a 
results page for a game.
_**- Robert**_
